


This privacy policy is for this system www.childprotection.go.ke and served by Department of Child Services under the Ministry of East African Community (EAC), Labour and Social Protection of The Republic of Kenya and governs the privacy of its users who choose to use it.

The policy sets out the different areas where user privacy is concerned and outlines the obligations & requirements of the users, the system and system owners. Furthermore the way this system processes, stores and protects user data and information will also be detailed within this policy.

<b>The System</b>

CPIMS takes a proactive approach to user privacy and ensure the necessary steps are taken to protect the privacy of its users throughout their visiting experience. This system complies to all Kenyan national laws and requirements for user privacy.

<b>Use of Cookies</b>

This system uses cookies to better the users experience while visiting the system. Where applicable this system uses a cookie control system allowing the user on their first visit to the system to allow or disallow the use of cookies on their computer / device. This complies with recent legislation requirements for systems to obtain explicit consent from users before leaving behind or reading files such as cookies on a user's computer / device.

Cookies are small files saved to the user's computers hard drive that track, save and store information about the user's interactions and usage of the system. This allows the system, through its server to provide the users with a tailored experience within this system.
Users are advised that if they wish to deny the use and saving of cookies from this system on to their computers hard drive they should take necessary steps within their web browsers security settings to block all cookies from this system and its external serving vendors.

This system uses tracking software to monitor its visitors to better understand how they use it. This software is provided by Google Analytics which uses cookies to track visitor usage. The software will save a cookie to your computers hard drive in order to track and monitor your engagement and usage of the system, but will not store, save or collect personal information. 

Other cookies may be stored to your computers hard drive by external vendors when this system uses referral programs, sponsored links or adverts. Such cookies are used for conversion and referral tracking and typically expire after 30 days, though some may take longer. No personal information is stored, saved or collected.
<b>Contact & Communication</b>

Users contacting this system and/or its owners do so at their own discretion and provide any such personal details requested at their own risk. Your personal information is kept private and stored securely until a time it is no longer required or has no use, as detailed in the Data Protection Act 1998. Every effort has been made to ensure a safe and secure form to email submission process but advise users using such form to email processes that they do so at their own risk.

This system and its owners use any information submitted to provide you with further information about the products / services they offer or to assist you in answering any questions or queries you may have submitted. This includes using your details to subscribe you to any email newsletter program the system operates but only if this was made clear to you and your express permission was granted when submitting any form to email process. Or whereby you the consumer have previously purchased from or enquired about purchasing from the company a product or service that the email newsletter relates to. This is by no means an entire list of your user rights in regard to receiving email marketing material. Your details are not passed on to any third parties. 
